CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    As a Motorhome owner I have a lot of componeants that require maintanence and up keep. When looking at the manual.
    There are a lot of things then just the engine and transmisson maintanence. I need a program that can tell me 
    When to change the oil and other related engine maintanence. How long I have had the tires for and
    if I have hit the milage wear out or aged out in years on the Motorhome. I also need  to keep track of
    the generator maintanence, seals on the roof and other body componenats, Chassis lubrication, 2 stand
    alone AC systems that need to be maintained and serviced, Sewer system, water system including water pum
    and plumbing. How long the roof has been on the Motorhome, Tire pressure and PSI that should be 
    in the tire based off of the weight load on each axle for the tires and when next anticipated service is. I 
    would like to make a program where I enter in the millage that I currnelty have and keeps track of when
    new items have been purchsed and installed. I would like it to print out a message telling me when next
    items are due for service in milage or years of service from the current date and time of the system 
    and what I entered in for the Odomerter for the last millage. I also want to enter everything though
    a user interface that I can run on my computer to show what is needed.

1. What is the title of your program? Motorhome maintanence aid.

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
    Keeping up with the schedule of needed maintanence on my Motorhome and all the components that 
    are listed.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    from a programing perspective I will need to use pandas to agragate the data, use the datetime modules.
    I will also need to inturpit the value of a user entered and calculate a value based on Age and millage.
    I will use arrays,dictionaries, lists

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    csv, datetime, math,
    pandas, pytest, requests, tkinter.

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    Yes I will be making a series of functions that build off of eachother. I will 
    need to account for some user input but the values will be calculated without their input.

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions? 

Every function I make will be able to be tested. Ones that require user input will have
a set value stored and used so calculations can be validated as good. Based off of a given number.

